## Heroku Continuous Integration Testing Options

After researching Heroku’s website, there is many different testing options that Heroku CI has available for testing environments. It tests in both white box and black box testing environments The most important thing is it supports many of the popular programming languages, like node.js, PHP, Java, Python, and Ruby to name a few since it gives the test versatility in an development testing environment since it is the programming stage.  An example of automation testing is that you can run test to your GitHub repositories and deploy new versions of your application automatically through Heroku.  You can also debug which is a great way to test its functions.  These are good examples of what Heroku CI has compatibility testing and performance testing since it allows you to test stable, beta, and unstable releases of Google Chrome. These are good examples of white box testing.

Heroku Pipeline is great to use during the staging part of the testing environment, since it is a great way to simulate what it would do in the production environment and test in this way. You can use an application called Pipelines that Heroku uses, which is good for gaming since it continuously tests the different test environments, development, QA, staging and production.  This is helpful because it is automatically deployed, and it allows developers to test the change, when it’s ready it is merged altogether, then it’s automatically deployed for further testing.  When the developer is ready they can put in from staging to production making available to the end user. This is a great way to run black box testing since it makes the code available to the end user to test. 
