## Quantum Break

Quantum Break is a 3rd person, science fiction game that deals with time travel. This game was developed by Remedy Entertainment and was published by Microsoft Studios and was exclusive to both Windows and Xbox One.  After playing for a little over hour, I put myself in the role of being a tester and found several aspects of the game that I believe that would need to be tested.

The first function I would test, is making sure all the text in the game is correct. For example, when the game was loading on my Xbox One, the loading screen had the words, “When you see this symbol, do not turn of your PC”.  After the game loaded, I found myself testing the game controls, mechanics and physics, since movement, shooting, controlling the camera and interacting in objects and characters is essential to playing it.  I found myself testing the borders next, finding if there was a way to exit the stage or find a way to get outside the playable area.  Next, I started running into the environment, like trees and items to see how they would react. I then ran into some chairs and found that they were moveable, so I started to run into chairs knocking them over to see how they would react.  This is to see, if you drag them around to get them stuck or would have some graphical glitches. Later in the game you get access to guns, so you would need to test all the actions that come along with that.  This would include, the act and animation of reloading, animation, and shooting.  The game also reveals that it has a time mechanic where you can slow time, so you would also need to test this function to ensure that it behaves in the way that you want it to.  You would also need to test hit detection from enemy fire, to ensure the player is getting the proper amount of health taken away. This is only a handful of items that you would need to test in a game of this size and scope.
